the Bears
the forgiveness
very good to all youtube friends
we are in kraft what is it for?
call on a stick
to the sea or the river to see if it serves
summon the carrot as bait and not
nothing happens
so you have
I'm guiding the pig with the
carrot and stick
first you need a mount
for a roof
and this is a fact and even the pig
so days while
and it was for where it takes the carrot
obvious
and if everything says
but good or not and we're going to download a
saddle and this does not move
that if he moves because this pig is
very nice I said guys let's go for
there we go fast
you can you can good this in case not
you have to walk and take the pig and
the talent never gets tired I think because
while I go to if he feeds like that
Christ is spending the money he is spending
this time being well chachita I'm going to
take down
your district
and nothing else but for that I hope that they
I liked it
I hope he is an expert for what
it serves and well nothing like that subscribe
I do not belong to your social networks
land
and we're going to mega date and see you later